Has anyone ever seen that episode of iasip where charley is trying to solve a mystery in the mail room and he's like "where's CAROLD BRO" then Mac's like "dude we don’t actually work here... we got fired."
-
I just had a moment like that. For the past 5 months I have had a new roommate who is pretty cool. Met him on day one and his name was the same as another roommate’s, "Matt". Easy. Over time we tell matt about all the crazy events that happened with the roommate he replaced, Jordan. "I think Jordan is on the run from the cops right now for selling drugs, making false identities, and mail fraud (which he stole from some of the other roommates): including one stimulus check. 
"That's crazy I can’t believe that happened". 
"Lol well you live, and you learn”. 
Over the next few months while Jordan is excommunicado we occasionally see mail from people who have never lived at this house or were ever acquainted with anyone in the hose or in the neighborhood. "Ooo It's crazy". What a tantalizing mystery; after all, who is not thrilled by a mysterious package that has impossibly arrived? The TSA loves these. 
We write it all off as some crazy happenings and the mail goes to the landlord, never to be seen again. And no one thinks anything of it. 
-
But on this this one particular Wednesday mail day, a rather dense package comes in the mail. Addressed to Jonathan Hill. "Wow, months later and Jordan is still mistakenly sending random packages to our front door". But this is no ordinary package. It is ~dense~. What could it possibly be? I ask mason and we are joking about it. "Well, I say in 2 days if this is still sitting here we should just open it. Haha *Potential Fellony Be Damnbed!". We leave the package and go about our day. But the next day it’s just gone. Woah. Who did it? I ask Mason and he found the opened box in the trash. Someone opened it!!! Who was it?? I ask Matt. He said he never saw it.  I ask Eric, same thing with him. I tell them both that it was addressed to Jonathan hill. Who is that? I tell them it’s probably one of Jordan’s aliases afaik but WHO OPENED IT??? I ask the landlord and the other person, Brandon, who is at the house and everyone comes up short. What is this package for Jonathan Hill and how did it get opened? I’m fully invested now. This is so fun. There is only one more thing I have to do before we have a full-blown mystery on our hands. I have to wait for the newer matt to get back from his trip to ask him. As a formality. So, I fill mason in. "I can’t wait till Matt gets back". "I’m so curious what was in the box". "This is the most interesting thing to have happened in the house!" But mason says, "you mean John".
"what?"
"John's out for the weekend, Matts here" 
"I just talked to Matt. Johnathan's the one who got the package... He's one of Jordan’s aliases".
"No that’s John."
This cold MF. I have been telling everyone in the house that the guy across the hall from me is also named Matt. "Wow how easy is it to remember". Are you telling me that Mason knew the WHOLE TIME AND NEVER TOLD ME!!?!?!?!?
Johnathan just got some new brake pads for his car. I asked him about it today.  
