The Warrior

Long ago in ancient greece there lived a warrior. This man was not greek, yet 
through a serise of carefuly planned events he became one of the most ruthless 
conquoros of the ancient world. This warrior, as he became known throughtg time as
was born in egypt to the last true pharo. Desten to step into royalty on his 5th 
birthday, the crumbling egyptian empire decided to forsake the continuation of 
their powerful lineage in order to safeguard their secrets. 

As a gift to the rising greek empire this pharo sold their successor to the greek
military. Cesar, unaware of the child's gifts, accepted him into their ranks and 
maintained consistent trade with the dying empire. The dleicious irony of the 
eventual surrendur of egypt to one of their own was not lost on cesar. But you 
know what they say. One mans irony is another mans plan. The true irony was the 
meteoric rise of this young boy and his countless millitary triupmhs was never 
questioned by cesar. He never thought he received anything more than the deliquent 
child of an old pharo. When in reality this boy was never born to the pharo. But
he had received the pharos blessing. 

It was a lonely life for the warrior. Cursed with the knowledge of his ancestors
he felt no glory in the expansion of Cesar's empire despite the royalty it granted
him. He lived his life with only the duty of preseving his nations legacy. With 
no end in sight to the kings madness and thirst for power he faked his own death.
It was not long before the quindicential piece of the greek army's absence left
and opening for the many enemies of the greeks to revolt. At the face of the 
revolt where the romans who widdled away the greek empire in the punic wars until
they eventually sacked carthage.. the secret home of the warrior. He had given up
all rank and glory to live among the people. The light of the warrior was tormented 
by the futility of conquest and adapted to thrive in the lower echelons of the 
crumbling greek empire. Revered as nothing more than a philosopher the warrior 
committed himself to solitude from the ignorance of the society around him. Eventually
war did find the warrior again and was required to fight many battles in the punic 
wars against the romans. While the warrior's abilities in battle were devastating 
to the onslaught of the roman empire, he never allowed his feats to be noticed or
utilized by the greeks. Every time acailm would rear its head toward teh warrior
he would simply fake his death, protecting the light of his ancestors from being 
noticed. This pattern eventually lead to a rippling effect of confidence within 
the greek army followed by horrific defeat to the romans. By the time the greek 
empire was completely fallen the warrior was back living in the streets and was 
seen as nothing more as a peasant drunk living in a gutter. He was promtly removed
and transported with the other greeks to the new roman capitol. 

On the long journey in chains under roman guard. The warrior heard that all the 
prisoners were going to be committed to slavery to build a large arena for the
new emperor vespasian. The hilarity of the situation being that once they finished
the project, the slaves would then be subjected to a massive battle within it to 
the death. Unwilling to fight again, especially for jsut another kings amusement
the warrior slipped his chains in the transport and prepared for an escape. The 
other prisoners saw the warrior break his hands and escape confinement. Fearing 
their own safety, they made a commotion to the guards, hoping to presever their 
lives and receive grace from their captors. Unbeknownced to them of the terrors 
that otherwise would have waited for them upon arrival to the roman capital.

When the transport finally stopped the prisoners huddled in the corner, physically 
distancing themselves from the warrior. A single guard opened the door and saw 
the prisoners, cowering in the corner of their prison and a single man standing
tall, free and angry. The warrior beat all 12 armed guard to death with his broken 
hands. Unable to weild a weapon, the warrior used the splited fragments of bone 
to slit the throats of 2 men and finally subdue their commander removing his eyes
with what remained of his hands. After questioning the commander the warrior slipped
away from the road leaving everything behind. His only focus now was to heal 
his wounded hands and to plan, and wait. He walked off, leaving the prisoners to 
die in their cage. 

The rappid conquest of the roman empire was innescapable and not a few years later
the warrior surrendured himself to the slavery he had so successfully evaded all 
his life. Returing to his inevitable path to the recently completed colosseum, he 
was going to be among the first to fight for his life for the amusement of this
thriving civilization. 

The first battle was a slaughter and the warriors ruthlessness secured his 
"freedom". To the emperor, his freedom only meant that he would be moved to a 
nicer cell, tended to by the kings servents and free to continue fighting in the 
coloseum until killed. This faceious freedom was humorous to the king but to the 
warrior, was the beginning of his life and the first light of happiness he had 
ever experienced, or will ever experience again. 

It was maybe around his fifth battle that he saw the path before him. After this
battle the roman king sent his perosnal servent to tend to his wounds. The little 
pesant girl. Scared from head to toe, she bore a gold clasp around her neck with 
a chain connected to one of her wrist cuffs. Yet she didnt have the guant sadness
he had seen in all the other servants. She maintained a meek smile as if somehow
she belived everything would be alright. She wore an old burlap bra made 
from torn remnats of a fisherman's bait sack. She smelled of fish, like an erotic 
sardeens can that made his hair stand on end. 

"why does the emperors personal servant wear literal trash?" he spoke for what felt
like the first time in his life. "He makes all his servants wear white and 
perfume. He would never subject himself to a tattered servant who smells so pungent,
it would ruin the taste of his grapes". 
She laughed. It was the laugh of a weak soul that had nothing left to give. Yet 
she still gave this. "The king is done with me. And now i can wear what ever i 
want". She cleaned his cuts, reset his shoulder and brought him food and wine.
Before tuning away she looked at him with her white, usless eyes and said "is 
there anything else you want sir?"
Never before had he been asked this. Not really anyway. "Yes, i need you to eat 
this food and drink with me". "I cant. The servants are only allowed to eat what 
remainds". "Then i am full. I cant drink another sip" he smirked. Not that she could
see it anyway. 
"Well if youre not going to eat, i guess this will be the last time i see you. 
there is no way you will survive another day out there".
"I dont care. There is no good in this world."
"Thats depressing"
"Thats reality, just look at yourself, subjected to the tyrany of a ruthless king,
what could you possibly see in this world that is worth having?"
"If i could see i would apreciate falling asleep in the same room as my mother, 
and I would rejoice that it is all because I get to serve the empires very first
gladiator". 
"Well i dont know where youre from but that is how we define depressing".
"Thats big talk comming from some drunkard they found living alone in the
forest" she chuckled "how does some kid living in the forest even know how to make 
potent wine?"
"You heard how they found me?" 
"They said you couldnt have been more than 8, all alone and somehow you had survived
for what looked like years. Noone knows how you did it. They rayzed the forest for
100 miles looking for who ever was helping you."
"Noone has ever helped me"
"Now that *is* depressing"
He handed her a small bit of his fish and she hesitantly took it. Immediately upon
placing it in her mouth she vommited. 
"Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry", she wept.
"Stop dont worry, nothing will happen"
"No when they see i ruined your food i will be killed or worse"
"Whats worse than dying?"
"They could take my life from me"
"No they wont", The warrior said and he began eating the vommit coverd food and 
bile diluted wine. 
"Ew"
"XD, shut up ya big dummy, noone will know a thing."
She picked up his dishes and turned to leave. Before calling to the guard to be
let out she turned and wispered "thankyou sir." and left. 
The next battle came and the warrior slaughtered the competition. There was not
even a scratch on him. Noone came to his room. The pesant girl was noowhere in
sight. the guards threw his food in his room and laughed. He asked where his servant
was and the gaurd scoffed "for what?". "To clean all this blood off me, its going 
to crust soon". The guard spat on him and said "wash yourself". 
The next battle came and the warrior came out, still covered in blood from the
the last battle. Furious with his appearance the emperor had him publicly flogged
before the event began. "Is this what you were hoping to get out of disrespecting 
me? You better fight fast spurcissime, otherwise your filth will rot your limbs 
off". 
White puss immedeately formed around his cuts. He became light headed and could 
hardly stand. 
"Begin!"
The warrior snapped back to reality. No matter how damaged his body had become,
he had been through worse. His body moved without him thinking. He was able to 
evade everything thrown his way. The emperor looked insulted. Then the warrior 
got an idea. He dropped his weapons and ran toward his nearest assailant. They 
swung their sword, rather than ducking he jumped. The sword clashed into his side
it wasnt too deep, but the sword did stay lodged in his side, ripping out of their
hand as he landed. The warrior removed the sword and bashed his assailants helmate
in with the blade. The gash in his side got larger. He could see his stomach slipping
out. No matter, he held it in with his hand, and pretended to fall over. He laid
there very still, holding in his entrils as the other "gladiators" fought. Then
there was only one left. He began celebrating. Right, noone could tell the warrior
was still alive. He stood up with the sword in hand and the crowd went silent.
Before the gladiator could turn around the warrior stabbed him in the back of the 
neck and he fell. Noone made a noise as the warrior hobbled back to the gates to 
be let out. Furious the emperor yelled. "Fine take a bath, if you come back to
my arena looking like that again ill reomve your arms, you wont survive long like
that".


