people wrongly belive that in the history of financial systems people first created barter systems, money, then credit when in actuality this is completely backwards
imagine you are a farmer and someone was trying to trade you 15 chickens for a cow. haha thats total bs noone would fucntion this way
but we know that people still sold food and goods to those without. the question is how

well we know that ancient civilizations and even pre advanced ones had complex credit systems but in some there is no evidence of money
people worked on credit long before physical money was made to symbolize their wealth. the concept of money and debt were around before it actually existed

imagine a post modern civilization where people would pay and get paid in sexual favors. You may think how nice might it be to hire a baby sitter and 
then after a great care free night of going out with your spouse you just have to tug a fellow off and everyone walks away happy and scott free. 
this is essentially what used to happen (probably, it makes sense). Kingdoms were essentially buisnesses that people owned. and to make a merger and 
facilitate treaties they would marry off a daughter. That means a womans sexual abilities are valued at the level of kingdoms. Is your drunken stooper 
with some floozy worth that much. Its weird. in our society we both under and over value sex. you can pay 100-2000 for company for a night but what if people 
were to sell their bodies for houses, land, servent, life times, whole kingdoms. Thats what it is really capable of being worth. 

SOme think the bible tells people to never have 
sex and value it so highly it is only useful for one transaction but very few actually think this way. Even religious leaders do not. Especially if divorce is 
possible in your eyes. What i think the bible really says is know the value of what youre giving. You wouldnt be so cavalire with a 100$ bill in your pocket
so why should you be with something that is potentially worth billions? The key is to make sure you can both justify the cost and find someone in the market
for such an exorbinent expense. 

I think the order of monetary systems went: sex and goods trade, credit systems, money, then Barter. People used the sex and goods trade with in their communities
to foster a stronger sense of the ancient greek 'communitas'. to make sure everyone had what they need (including companionship) and then move on to more complex forms of payment and 
financial tracking

value your actions. and know the value of your actions as well as yourself and conduct yourself in a manor in which aligns with your value. but dont kid yourself
youre probably not worth a castle, princess.

but if you marry someone. a commmon pet name is princess. because you are letting them in your kingdom and sharing it with them and their family, in a sense
making them a legitimate princess.