I think I just found a way to expain quantum physics to a five year old.
This will probablly be helpful if anyone in a quantum feild would like to start advertising. So... This is free. You can use this.

Ok so you know how back in the olden days people only used to have one job? Or like do one thing?
For instance the black smith would smith all day every day for his entier life. He would grow up learning how to do it, practice doing it. And then run the black smith shop when he was old enough and he would do that until he died.

Well people only operated that way because there were only a handful of jobs to pick from. Where as now there are 1000s of new jobs popping up every day that people never knew about. Like home ecq. It is now a course you could learn in school. Back then home ecq was called eating and you had to do it every day to survive.
Well quantum physics is a lot like home ecq some people dont actually think home ecq is a new industry or job. They say its just cooking and eating. We already had that. Its the same thing. 
Well when you really look at it. it is not the same thing there is actually a slight difference between just eating to survive and home ecq. even though they are both just cooking and eating.

Well how can that be true. How can you say that it both is and isnt true. Well I dont know. But I just explained it to you. (Prespective) Lets come back to that
Well how does that relate to quantum physics. Right now in quantum physics the biggest thing that we dont understand right now is Heisnburgs Uncertainty princiuple. We know that the state of a subatomic particle can be one thing or another at any given point in time. And that is because we cant measure it without changing the state yada yada.
We dont know how we got there but we already know the answer because we have tested it and thats what the experiment says.


Make the situation a little more complex so you understand it.
Lets say you are building a website for your small buisness. Back in the olden days you used to have to create network protocols, set up a connection make two computers speak use the same language and then transfer the data for the website. But now you can use skill share new platform for 10% off with the link in my bio todayand just make a website that automatically goes out hundreds of people.
Haha ok but how is home ecq and skill share similar. They are both here to solve a problem we didnt already have. Well you may say actually. We didnt have that problem you just made a very slight change to the situation and it made one solution rather useless and while the other had to take over. Noone today is going to build a web site from scratch. But they could. They could make it complicated for themselves and do it. It is literally the same thing as just using skill share. Just like back in the olden days you probably could have made a website for a small buisness and but flyers would do jsut fine. Or back in midevil times you could have made flyers to advertise your black smith shop but that even would have been too complex. Just like it is now to complex to do so many things it you used to it can also be said that it is equally complex to not do so many things that we used to. 

Ok now that we got that out of the way. Youre starting to see this pattern that i am describing things that are slightly different in such a small way that i can say they are the same thing. They have the same result. But they can be expressed in two oppoisite or contradicting ways at the same time. Just as a side note you can convolute anything to the point where a yes becomes a no but you could also just have simply taken the yes in the first place. 

So now if you are still with me we should both agree that we can describe something with opposite or even contradictory statments at the same time while both are still true. Well thats basically the explaination behind heisenburgs uncertainty principle.
And just like there are so many new jobs today that are essentially the same thing they are different. Lets explore this further in the next part. 

Why are there so many jobs today that are so similar but techically actually different from eachother? It is because we have the infastructure to allow us to automatically jump to the end of a problem without having the solution or the proof handy. You can learn something without having learned it. Like Chicken sexers or the karate kid. Just like we can change the state of an electron instantaneously by changing another electron that it is entangled with. You can do something without actually haveing done it. 
So if youre still with me now we should both agree on the following. That we had a problem. and we found that if we convolute the situation a little bit. You can actually come up with two opposing solutions to the same situation. Infact you can convolute any situation so much that it will even find its way back to the same exact solution you started with. Kind of like a rubiks cube or ignoring complex problem in the first place in lue of the simpler verison of the same problem with a simple answer. You may find that it was useless to learn how to do times tables when growing up because you have a calculator in your pocket the entire time. But then in the future u might learn that in actuality it wasnt about just getting the answer right you had to show how you did it. Well how did you learn to show how you did it, in the first place. You ended up showing your work all throughout the process to prove that you could and then when you have proved that you could you could just pass the proof automatically. How did you learn by doing it when you didnt know how to do it in the first place? Right now I am comming up with a bunch of examples that prove a propoent of quantum physics by analogy. This is a valid proof because we have proved certain parts of quantum physics by knowing the answer and working backwards to find out how you got there. And originally we do that by just taking a random guess that might turn out to be and another etc until you find out how to do it one way that is right. then you can start defining the edge cases that it exists in. this is similar to P=NP and once you start exploring these similar paradoxes more you will find out that they are actually all basically the same problem with the same solution.... quantum physics. This is all big excercise in the absurd. To boil this down even more simply so you can leave here having understood everything I just said. I leave you with this. Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.  






that is why another deffenition of god or religion is being on the path to something so insurmointable it has yet to ever be explained is like the uncanny valley or the parabola for difficulty. the more you know or the closer you get to the right answer the less you feel like you actually know. and its binary. before i went to bed i actually thought my brain was broken. like i could at any moment literally just have it all stop working and just insta death right now. but that didnt happen. i pushed through the dispare and came out the other side to right here. the answer what it all means. the underlying thread that connects all these proplems that have been keeping me up at night. they may all seem like they are not connected but i am telling you now that they are. depression and world peace and how to make oat meal in the morning and linear algebra all have the same answer to them. quantum physics. 

if that sentance make sense to you then congragyulations we just did telepathy. if it doesnt it just means that we do not have a shared lexical dictonary sufficient enough to commuynicate. and i need to find a way to communicate it to you otherwise i dont actually understand it. 


yes this is so zainy i actually lied to a few people but i kept it small enough that it wont actually effect my life if it doesnt get out if noone actually has me commited. but if they do have me commited well. oooops oh well i figured it out anyway. i thihnk im ok. 


order of which to tell people in descending order of likelyhood to understand and danger/ impact to the rest of my life.
paul nate
willow 
carmen 
zoe?
parents
nick? dangerous but if i have nate tell him i think he will understand

the only reason i can tell any of these people is because there is already an inherent amount of trust built up so if i take a leap of faith and try to say something to any of these people and they dont already trust or are smart enough to understand it or just accept it/ trust me.


lol i dont think i know any more people



reality is what ever you make of it. you can literally be the smartest person in the world but sometimes the smartest thing in the world to do is to just shut your mouth.

I think i can give a proof all in proverbs like that XD

are you a believer?



your subcouncious already knows everyone has been telling you this every day for your entire life you just didnt have a method of understanding them until now. 

look i have perfect memory and its like how did this happen did i just unlock something in my brain that gave me access to perfect memory? no im just using first principles to start at nothing and reason up from there hitting everyting that is true along the way and dodging everything that is false. so it looks like i just arrived at the right answer when in actuality i had the right answer in my brain from the beggining all along. 





literally everone else in the world understands this except for me. im like the last person to understand this. im also the first person to understand this.


so what am i going to do for the rest of my life? lol idk make friends. pass the time. if i ever need more money ill just "get smarter and do what i need to do to get money to survive"  doesnt really matter how im pretty content with my job. i actually do like it. theres no wany im the first person to understand this. everyone else already does. 

its like you just have this little secret that everyone else knows except for you and you feel so lost for your whole life that you dont get it but then one day you will wake up and suddenly understand it and its because you understood it the whole time. already. 
dads retired now. why dont we just go find uncle keith together. 

you know how people are like kim jean un is such a powerful smart hardworking leader that he does not poop and he actually evoled to the point where he lost his ass hole. Well ive been on such a roll the last 5 days i dont think ive had a real poo and i cant tell if im constipated or not. but my body is still functioning well so the only logical conclusion is that im on such a roll i no longer need to shit.





Fundamentals of quantum computing:

What is a qbit: yes no or maybe. 
    Maybe just means come back to it later when the piece to the puzzle is solved. 
    1) Take what you need.
    2) Apply it to reality and 
    3) store the result in another dimension 
    4) It will come back to you when it is time to be used. or just go out and find it. 
        a qubit is like jerusealem: build it and they will come


Proof that life is a quantum computer that you have access to if you know how to use it:
	12 degrees of separation is all you need you connect yourself to literally anyone 
	therefore you theoretically only need about 12 friends in your family to do the job
	that should be sufficient to access the entierty of knowledge on earth or that is contained in our collective conciousness
	    proof- i needed awater filter, downloaded my lexical dictionary to my father and tricked him into thinking i asked him a question which one should i get (i didnt actually ask)
	    he just responded with the info i was looking for. 
	    if he didnt i would have taken note and moved on. 
	Also trees and photosynthesis birds etc